Overview
"There are lots of predators out there... stalkers who'd just love to have a taste of someone like you..."


Plot Summary

The graveyard shift at a dingy diner in San Francisco -- that's where MC's story begins. It's just another normal night, or at least it seems to be. 

...That is, until a certain mysterious customer stops by, bringing the dangerous attention of a few people with him. When it rains, it pours, and suddenly MC finds himself in the middle of a war he didn't even know existed... between vampires.

How does MC react to the dark, violent world that opens up before him? That's up to you!

Features
► Genre: Drama, BxB romance, dark modern
► Rating: PG-13 (language, violence, sexual themes)
► Length: ~60,000 words
► Endings: 8
► Platforms: Android, Steam, Itch.io

► Changeable MC personality & interests
► Different dialogue & choices based on personality
► 11 track OST with a dark, urban vibe
► 14 CGs with multiple variations

Characters

MC
(renamable, default Ash)
Age: 24
Height: 5'8
Race: Human
Changeable personality
Changeable interests
Works diner night shift
Favorite food: Pasta
Favorite color: Purple
Pet peeve: Dirty dishes
Ash has been stuck in San Francisco for most of his life. Even though he dreams of becoming a famous artist (whether in music, digital art, or writing is up to the player!), he currently works the graveyard shift at a run-down little diner. 

He's wry, tough, and determined by default, but his personality changes and grows throughout the course of the game!

Dominic
Age: 24
Height: 6'3
Race: Vampire
Quiet, cool, withdrawn
Bruiser, bodyguard
Fights for Clan Seirei
Favorite possession: Lighter
Favorite city: New York
Pet peeve: Rashness
Despite his intimidating appearance, Dominic prefers to keep to himself. A man of few words, he rarely offers any insight into his thoughts, but his silence suggests a deep conflict going on beneath the surface.

Isaac
Age: 27
Height: 6'1
Race: Human
Charming, elegant, crafty
Information/weapons broker
Neutral to clans
Favorite flavor: Coffee
Favorite animal: Crow
Pet peeve: Bad coffee
Isaac reeks of "unscrupulous businessman," and makes no effort to hide it. He seems very out of place among the rough, unrefined types who hang around San Fran's seedy parts, though there's a good reason for the company he keeps.

Rex
Age: 21
Height: 5'10
Race: Vampire
Rebel, impulsive, punk
Hunter, fighter
Part of Clan Helgen
Favorite weapon: Fists
Favorite clothes: Leather
Pet peeve: Authority
Wild, impulsive, bloodthirsty, and Dominic's polar opposite, Rex wears his vampiric nature like a badge of pride. It's a wonder he's lived as long as he has, considering his reckless nature and insatiable appetite.

Other chars